and you son-of
and you son-of salt take it as a barbers razor and pass
salt take it as a barbers razor and pass
salt take it as a barbers razor and pass it over your head and your beard then
it over your head and your beard then
it over your head and your beard then take scales to weigh and divide the head
take scales to weigh and divide the head
take scales to weigh and divide the head you shall burn with fire one-third in
you shall burn with fire one-third in
you shall burn with fire one-third in the midst of the city when the days of
the midst of the city when the days of
the midst of the city when the days of the siege are finished then you shall
the siege are finished then you shall
the siege are finished then you shall take one-third and strike around it with
take one-third and strike around it with
take one-third and strike around it with the sword and one-third you shall
the sword and one-third you shall
the sword and one-third you shall scatter in the wind I will draw out a
scatter in the wind I will draw out a
scatter in the wind I will draw out a sword after them you shall also take a
sword after them you shall also take a
sword after them you shall also take a small number of them and bind them in
small number of them and bind them in
small number of them and bind them in the edge of your Garland
the edge of your Garland
the edge of your Garland then take some of them again and throw
then take some of them again and throw
then take some of them again and throw them into the midst of the fire and burn
them into the midst of the fire and burn
them into the midst of the fire and burn them in the fire from there a fire will
them in the fire from there a fire will
them in the fire from there a fire will go out into all the house of Israel thus
go out into all the house of Israel thus
go out into all the house of Israel thus says the Lord God this is Jerusalem I
says the Lord God this is Jerusalem I
says the Lord God this is Jerusalem I have set her in the midst of the nations
have set her in the midst of the nations
have set her in the midst of the nations and the countries all around her she has
and the countries all around her she has
and the countries all around her she has rebelled against my judgments by doing
rebelled against my judgments by doing
rebelled against my judgments by doing wickedness more than the nations and
wickedness more than the nations and
wickedness more than the nations and against my statutes more than the
against my statutes more than the
against my statutes more than the countries that are all around her for
countries that are all around her for
countries that are all around her for they have refused my judgments and they
they have refused my judgments and they
they have refused my judgments and they have not walked in my statutes therefore
have not walked in my statutes therefore
have not walked in my statutes therefore thus says the Lord God
thus says the Lord God
thus says the Lord God because you have multiplied disobedience
because you have multiplied disobedience
because you have multiplied disobedience more than the nation's that are all
more than the nation's that are all
more than the nation's that are all around you have not walked in my
around you have not walked in my
around you have not walked in my statutes nor kept my judgments nor even
statutes nor kept my judgments nor even
statutes nor kept my judgments nor even done according to the judgments of the
done according to the judgments of the
done according to the judgments of the nation's that are all around you
nation's that are all around you
nation's that are all around you therefore thus says the Lord God indeed
therefore thus says the Lord God indeed
therefore thus says the Lord God indeed I even I am against you and will execute
I even I am against you and will execute
I even I am against you and will execute judgments in your midst in the sight of
judgments in your midst in the sight of
judgments in your midst in the sight of the nation's and I will do among you
the nation's and I will do among you
the nation's and I will do among you what I have never done and the like of
what I have never done and the like of
what I have never done and the like of which I will never do again because of
which I will never do again because of
which I will never do again because of all your abominations therefore fathers
all your abominations therefore fathers
all your abominations therefore fathers shall eat their sons in your midst and
shall eat their sons in your midst and
shall eat their sons in your midst and sons shall eat their father's and I will
sons shall eat their father's and I will
sons shall eat their father's and I will execute judgments among you and all of
execute judgments among you and all of
execute judgments among you and all of you who remain I will scatter to all the
you who remain I will scatter to all the
you who remain I will scatter to all the winds therefore as I live says the Lord
winds therefore as I live says the Lord
winds therefore as I live says the Lord God surely because you have defiled my
God surely because you have defiled my
God surely because you have defiled my sanctuary with all your detestable
sanctuary with all your detestable
sanctuary with all your detestable things and with all your abominations
things and with all your abominations
things and with all your abominations therefore I will also diminish you my I
therefore I will also diminish you my I
therefore I will also diminish you my I will not spend nor will I have any pity
will not spend nor will I have any pity
will not spend nor will I have any pity one third of you shall die of the
one third of you shall die of the
one third of you shall die of the pestilence and be consumed with famine
pestilence and be consumed with famine
pestilence and be consumed with famine in your midst and one third shall fall
in your midst and one third shall fall
in your midst and one third shall fall by the sword all around him and I will
by the sword all around him and I will
by the sword all around him and I will scatter another third to all the winds
scatter another third to all the winds
scatter another third to all the winds and I will draw out a sword after me
and I will draw out a sword after me
and I will draw out a sword after me thus shall my anger be spent and I will
thus shall my anger be spent and I will
thus shall my anger be spent and I will cause my fury to rest upon me and I will
cause my fury to rest upon me and I will
cause my fury to rest upon me and I will be avenged and they shall know that I
be avenged and they shall know that I
be avenged and they shall know that I the LORD have spoken it in my zeal when
the LORD have spoken it in my zeal when
the LORD have spoken it in my zeal when I have spent my fury upon them moreover
I have spent my fury upon them moreover
I have spent my fury upon them moreover I will make you a waist and a reproach
I will make you a waist and a reproach
I will make you a waist and a reproach among the nations that are all around
among the nations that are all around
among the nations that are all around you in the sight of all who pass by so
you in the sight of all who pass by so
you in the sight of all who pass by so it shall be a reproach a taunt a lesson
it shall be a reproach a taunt a lesson
it shall be a reproach a taunt a lesson and an astonishment to the nation's that
and an astonishment to the nation's that
and an astonishment to the nation's that are all around you when I execute
are all around you when I execute
are all around you when I execute judgments among you in anger and in fury
judgments among you in anger and in fury
judgments among you in anger and in fury and in furious rebukes I the LORD have
and in furious rebukes I the LORD have
and in furious rebukes I the LORD have spoken
when I send against them the terrible
when I send against them the terrible arrows of famine which shall be for
arrows of famine which shall be for
arrows of famine which shall be for destruction which I will send to destroy
destruction which I will send to destroy
destruction which I will send to destroy I will increase the famine upon you and
I will increase the famine upon you and
I will increase the famine upon you and cut off your supply of bread so I will
cut off your supply of bread so I will
cut off your supply of bread so I will send against you famine and wild beasts
send against you famine and wild beasts
send against you famine and wild beasts and they will be review pestilence and
and they will be review pestilence and
and they will be review pestilence and blood shall pass through you and I will
blood shall pass through you and I will
blood shall pass through you and I will bring the sword against you I the Lord